+++
title = "Font Awesome 6 Icons"
subtitle = "Font awesome 6"
type="docs"
summary ="Font Awesome 6 Icons available for pre-order. And Who ever having active font awesome subscription at the time of release will get access to font awesome 6 icons."
keywords=["font awesome 6,font awesome icons version 6"]
date="2020-08-03T01:01:05+0000"
lastmod="2020-08-03T00:00:08+0000"
draft=false
parentdoc="fontawesome"
featured="font-awesome-icons.png"
authors = ["admin"]
categories=["faicons"]
linktitle="Font Awesome 6"
[menu.fontawesome]
parent="fontawesome"
weight=3
[image]
  caption = "font awesome icons"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""

  # Show image only in page previews?
  preview_only = false

+++

Font Awesome 6 Icons available for pre-order. And Who ever having active font awesome subscription at the time of release will get access to font awesome 6 icons.

To get early access to font awesome 6 icons we can now pre-order at $99/year.

## font awesome 6 features.

Font awesome 6 will have five different types of icon styles.

1. Solid
2. Regular
3. Light
4. Thin
5. Duotone

And font awesome 6 comes up with official wordpress plugin. So that we can easily add font awesome icons in our wordpress sites.

They are planning to release official packages and plugins for Rails and Django as well.  

In Font Awesome 6, We can upload our own icons to an icon kit and use them right alongside with existing Font Awesome icons.

Font awesome 6 will have 7,842 icons in total. (free + pro)

From Font awesome 6 version onwards they are adding customer support to help us setting up font awesome icons, helping us in troubleshoot and answering our queries or questions related to using icons in our projects.

## Font awesome 6 Commissioned Icons

If you are building a new company, and to reach more people across the world using your own logo or icon you can use font awesome 6 commisssioned icons.

We can add our own company logo as part of font awesome brand icons at the cost of $3,000. 

You will be acknowledged as an official font awesome icon sponsor.

We can add own icon as a commissioned icon in all font awesome icon styles. 

1. Add single icon at the cost of $300
2. Add 6 Pack of Icons at the Cost of $1500
3. Add 24 Pack of Icons at the Cost of $5000

For every commissioned icon you add, you will be noted as a sponsor.


## Font awesome 6 release date

The official date is not decided yet. But we can expect font awesome 6 icons by this year end i.e., 2020.

Watch this space for more updates. 

To preorder and to get early access use the below link 

<a href="https://fontawesome.com/6" target="_blank" rel="nofollow">Font Awesome Icons 6</a>