+++
title = "Error: This command is not available when running the Angular CLI outside a workspace in Angular"
subtitle = ""
summary ="If you are new to Angular application development and if you run 'ng serve' command out side of your Angular root directory you will get 'Error: This command is not available when running the Angular CLI outside a workspace' error"
keywords=["ng serve error"]
date="2023-02-14T01:01:05+0000"
lastmod="2023-02-14T02:45:18+0000"
type="post"
draft=false
authors = ["admin"]

+++

If you are new to Angular application development and if you run `ng serve` command out side of your Angular root directory you will get `Error: This command is not available when running the Angular CLI outside a workspace` error.

For example let's create an new Angular application inside a folder called `Angular Applications`.

Open your command prompt or terminal and run `ng new` command to create the new Angular application.

```text
D:\Angular Applications>ng new shoppingapp  
```

It will create a new folder called `shoppingapp` and that folder contains our Angular source code. 

Now `D:\Angular Applications\shoppingapp` is our Angular project root directory. 

You have to navigate to project root directory and then you have to run `ng serve`.

```
D:\Angular Applications> cd shoppingapp

D:\Angular Applications\shoppingapp>ng serve
```

Most of the newbie Angular developers won't navigate to Angular root directory, after creating the application.

And runs the command in the parent folder. In that case they will get `Error: This command is not available when running the Angular CLI outside a workspace` error. 

To avoid `Error: This command is not available when running the Angular CLI outside a workspace` you should always run `ng serve` command in Angular root directory. 

Our Angular root directory contains Angular CLI configuration file i.e, `angular.json` file. 

`ng serve` command try to look for this configuration file while executing the command. If there is no `angular.json` file it will return error. 

If you delete the `angular.json` file or If you rename to other name you will get the same error. 

So be careful while doing any changes to the files generated by Angular CLI. 






 